(Gi Haneul.)
Gi Haneul!
Are you okay?
What happened?
Did you have a bad dream?
What... a dream?
That's ridiculous. I...
I'm someone who never dreams, you know.
Got that?
What do you know?
You don't know anything.
What, you think...
I dreamed about you or something?
Unbelievable.
Are you feeling unwell?
Your face is really red.
You look like you have a fever.
Not at all.
Fever? What fever?
What do you know? This is ridiculous.
(Huh, this feeling of familiarity?)
(I kind of like it?)
Feeling good?
Shall I go in?
Haneul, did you remember?
No!
Haneul.
What?
Thank you.
For what?
For believing me.
You're part of the problem too.
What kind of behavior did you have
to get rumors like this going around?
That's not it.
What do you mean, 'that's not it'?
Could it be that...
you think I'm just a fake?
You know I have no one else but you.
I know that,
but it seems you get confused sometimes.
I'll be watching.
From now on.
Watch your behavior.
Be careful around women.
Got it?
Hmm.
Gi Haneul.
Get sleep.
What am I to you?
What are you talking about?
What kind of Yeo Saebyeok
am I to you right now?
Am I nineteen or twenty-nine?
Why does that matter?
You're still the same Yeo Saebyeok.
By any chance,
do you remember more about us?
Is that why you took my side?
It's just...
you're a good person.
You
shouldn't have to go through
rumors like that.
But you don't like me.
It's not that I didn't like you.
I just didn't realize I liked you.
What about now?
I don't know... This is so frustrating.
I'm glad you're here.
Stay with me from now on too.
Hmm.
=Never Forget Your Enemy=
=Episode 5=
(Day)
You remember?
Looks like I do.
Actually,
when I said I was quitting tennis,
a part of me thought
that might really happen.
Even after doing sports my whole life,
I was always afraid of the next match.
Even if I win today,
I might get eliminated
in the qualifiers tomorrow.
Why is losing so scary?
I'm scared too.
But...
I want to keep going.
Then do it.
No need to hesitate.
I don't know.
Do you
believe in yourself?
I...
believe in you too.
Have a safe trip.
Oh, right. Yeo Saebyeok.
What?
I... remember something.
You started it first! So be ready!
Oh, please.
(Coach)
Hello.
It's been a while since I contacted you.
Why are you spacing out?
I'm exhausted.
I wish all the companies around here
would go bankrupt.
Do office workers die
if they don't drink coffee?
They say it's like an IV drip.
I saw the article.
Article?
Saebyeok's scandal.
They said the photos
were all manipulated.
Someone even posted
an apology saying they did it.
Really?
Looks like someone else
got sacrificed again.
What a shame.
What is?
If they were actually a thing,
I was going to confess to you.
You thought I'd accept, huh?
Am I not your type?
I'm...
thinking of playing tennis again.
Tennis?
Well,
I don't have a clear plan.
All of a sudden?
Because I feel like I'll regret it
if I keep living the same way.
Why?
So far, I've only blamed others
and just run away,
acting like the victim.
If I keep
running away,
I'm afraid I won't be able to come back.
Actually,
what I wanted most was tennis.
So what if you can't come back?
You can just take a new path.
But I've left
too much behind.
Like Saebyeok?
Well... Saebyeok,
my family,
and friends.
I'm jealous.
And you too.
That's cool.
I'll cheer for you.
Thanks.
(Dummy)
Hold on.
Hello?
Where are you?
Why?
Because I missed you.
I'm hanging up.
There's a place we need to go together.
Where?
You'll know when we get there.
(Hankook High School)
Why the school?
Just follow me.
Let's go.
He's waiting.
Eyes, eyes, watch your eyes.
A little more.
Hold on.
Going!
Yes, just a little. A little.
That's it.
Okay, one more time!
Oh, hey, let's do two more.
Gi Haneul.
Hey, you.
Are you really going to quit like this?
Rehabilitation.
You can just do rehab.
Even if I do rehab,
what would change?
Didn't you hear?
They said even with rehab,
there's no guarantee
I can continue as a player.
Let's try. How will you
know if you don't try?
How could I not know?
Everyone in the world knows.
Tennis player Gi Haneul is injured.
Playing career uncertain.
It's all over the news,
and how could I not know?
They say it's a miracle
that I can even walk.
I won't play tennis again.
I really want to play tennis...
(I kept hearing about you
through Saebyeok.)
Really?
Yeah.
Do you still bicker
with Saebyeok these days?
That's all we do, bicker.
You two
haven't changed,
whether you're nineteen or twenty-nine.
I'm still nineteen at heart.
That's nice.
So,
what brings you two here today?
I want to try playing tennis again.
Really?
I'm not dreaming of being a pro again.
I just want to
hold a racket again.
That was a good call.
A really good call.
I've only thought about it so far.
Then,
could you come by on weekends
when you have time and keep helping out?
Me?
There's no better teacher than you.
You know better than anyone
what's hard right now
and what's needed, Haneul.
Teach the kids this and that,
and practice tennis yourself
whenever you have time.
I'll think about it.
What do you think about
what the coach said?
It's sudden,
but it seems like a good opportunity.
Think it through.
Getting to meet the coach...
Grateful?
Cute.
You're quitting the cafe, right?
I guess so.
But if I quit,
Junghan will have a hard time alone.
Why do you care about that?
He will figure it out.
Really?
Let's go home and eat.
What's for side dishes?
Frog dishes.
Protein.
Haneul.
Hmm?
Why?
This.
This is...
(Gi Haneul)
I always thought you'd play tennis again.
Don't worry about anything.
Just think about yourself.
This is probably why I liked you.
Haneul.
I won't let you get away
with this today!
It's perfect now,
but just follow through
a bit more on your swing,
and make contact in front.
Okay.
Next, without opening up too much,
just bend your knees a little.
Want to give it a try?
Nice! One more time.
Okay!
(Doing okay?)
(Don't push yourself too hard.)
(Did you eat?)
(See you at home later.)
(How about chicken and beer today?)
(Okay, I'm home!)
What are you doing here?
Is Haneul not home?
Why are you looking for him?
He left some stuff at the cafe.
Just throw it away.
No.
I'll give it to him when I see him.
You,
don't hang around Haneul.
I like Haneul.
So I'm going to have him.
How could someone like you
possibly do that?
I'll just
do it well.
I have a bit of faith in myself.
Try it. See if it works.
Yes.
Please root for me.
You too, good luck.
No.
Why?
Just one sip.
My throat's dry.
I can't even speak.
That's why you shouldn't
overwork your ankle.
Right now... you're
overworking my throat too.
Don't be ridiculous.
Maybe you should grease
your throat with chicken.
This isn't working.
Oh, right.
(It's Dummy's birthday. Happy birthday!)
What should I get him?
He already has pretty much everything.
(Yeo Saebyeok)
A 100-question list?
Favorite foods... Chicken, pizza,
bossam.
Nothing's changed.
Favorite color?
(My favorite color: Sky blue)
Sky blue.
Ah, jeez...
If you keep pulling your hair
like that, you'll go bald.
I can't think of anything.
What idea?
It's Saebyeok's birthday today.
I don't know what to get him
as a present.
Oh, it's Saebyeok's birthday.
I thought...
Got any ideas?
Well...
He's such a star,
so he probably has everything.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
That's when sincerity matters most.
Sincerity?
How about you prepare
a birthday meal yourself?
I can't cook.
Is cooking skill the issue?
It's the thought that counts.
Okay... Got it!
Oh, that's a good idea.
Thanks for the compliment.
(Haneul.)
(I never expected that anyway.)
Gi Haneul.
When was that?
Why toss the gift like that?
Gi Haneul...
Kind of a bad boy move, huh?
I should go grocery shopping first.
You're leaving already?
I've got shopping to do.
So busy.
Then when do we meet again?
Us?
Well...
We'll probably see each other
again someday.
Anyway, I'm leaving!
What do I need to do?
Seaweed soup.
Ah, this is hard.
But even I think I did well.
Thank you!
Thank you.
Good work!
Thank you for your hard work!
Thank you, have a good day!
Happy birthday.
- Good work.
- Happy birthday.
(Drive safe.)
Call me if anything happens.
Thanks.
Go.
Okay...
I didn't order anything else.
Did Yeo Saebyeok call you two
over saying it's his birthday?
He's such a kid.
It's Saebyeok's birthday today, right?
Give it here. I'll carry it.
What's this?
Alcohol? Sake?
Ah, well...
Weren't you all here
for a birthday party?
Haneul.
Actually,
today...
Don't turn it on.
Gi Haneul?
What are you?
♪The more I try to run away♪
♪The clearer it becomes♪
♪Even the word "love"♪
♪Can't convey how I feel♪
♪Watching your shadow moving forward♪
♪Sometimes, I resent you♪
♪But without you,
everything feels strange♪
♪The pain also makes me grow♪
♪There is a lot to say♪
♪Trying to separate us♪
♪Even if I look like a fool♪
♪It doesn't matter♪
♪This is how we are♪
♪Connected to each other♪
♪We are truly strange♪
♪Pushing each other away,
yet embracing again♪
♪Between love and pain♪
♪In some corner♪
♪In the end, we can only be together♪
♪Because that's us♪
♪Even if what we said yesterday♪
♪Remains in the heart♪
♪As time passes♪
♪Maybe I'll laugh about it♪
♪Even those painful memories♪
♪Are also ours♪
♪Seems we can♪
♪Be more understanding♪
♪I clearly told myself♪
♪Never to see you again♪
♪But hearing your voice♪
♪I completely break down♪